(A day before [LOONAbirth] concert!)
(LOOΠΔ members getting off the car!)
(The waiting room has big space enough for 12 members)
'What made you guys dress up so nicely?'
Chuu: Because today is the day of rehearsal~
YeoJin: It's rehearsal!
YeoJin: That's the reason we dressed up like this~
Yves: Look around, this waiting room is very nice, right?
Kim Lip: Right~
Chuu: It's spacious and clean~
(The waiting room has SWAG like LOOΠΔ's reputation as a rookie!)
Yves: I can hear our song right now~
Yves: I'm very excited and I want to do it as soon as possible!
Kim Lip: Yeah~
(And they are in their very best condition!)
YeoJin: I didn't expect that some fans are waiting for us
YeoJin: Even though it's not the day of concert
YeoJin: So I was very touched~
YeoJin: I think you guys also agree to this, right?
Yves: Of course~
Yves: She's the MC
Chuu: The greatest MC!
YeoJin: Look at the reaction, they are always so kind~
(Okay, YeoJin!)